New parallel python tutotials (#744)
NREL/HPC: docs/Documentation/Development/Languages/Python/index.md

* [Dask](dask.md): Parallelize your Python code
* [Jupyter notebooks](../../Jupyter/index.md): Run interactive notebooks

## Parallel Interactive Tutorials

> Tututials for utilising Kestrel for parallel interactive python scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tutorials for utilizing Kestrel for parallel interactive python scripts.
```

> Tutorials for utilizing Kestrel for parallel interactive python scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tutorials for parallel computing with python through Jupyter notebooks
```
